README.md - add note on sorting (#11)
NiloCK/tuido: readme.md

- `a1m catch up on stranger things` expands into `#active=YYYY-MM-DD catch up on stranger things`, with the date one month from now. This hides the item from view until the active date - essentially setting yourself a reminder for the future.
- `fix the sink e2h` expands into `fix the sink #estimate=2h`

### Sorting

> The sorting works like this:
> 
> - sort by how important items are (the number of leading !s)
> - sort by the specified due dates, if any due date is present (eg, with the #due= tag)
> - alphabetical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displayed items are sorted like this:

1. sort by how important items are (the number of leading !s). Adjust an item's importance with `!` and `1`.
2. sort by the specified due dates, if any due date is present (eg, with the #due= tag)
3. sort alphabetically
```
